Fix/demandlib installation advise (#178)
rl-institut/oemof-B3: README.md

Oemof-B3 needs pandoc (version > 2) in order to create reports. Pandoc is included in conda environment config (environment.yml). 
If environment is build otherwise, pandoc must be installed manually. It can be installed following instructions from [Pandoc Installation](https://pandoc.org/installing.html).

> Oemof-B3 further needs demandlib in order to create heat load profiles. Due to an alleged clash of pandas versions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Oemof-B3 further needs demandlib in order to create heat load profiles. Due to an conflict of required pandas versions,
```

> Oemof-B3 further needs demandlib in order to create heat load profiles. Due to an conflict of required pandas versions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Oemof-B3 further needs demandlib in order to create heat load profiles. Due to a conflict of required pandas versions,
```
